Add references to Nbshell in export templates, reports and scripts (#15651)
netbox-community/netbox: docs/customization/reports.md

    description = "Check that every device has a primary IP address assigned"
```

> Within each report class, we'll create a number of test methods to execute our report's logic. The method's name must start with "test_" and it takes no arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within each report class, we'll create a number of test methods to execute our report's logic. The name of each method must begin with `test_` and the method must accept no arguments.
```

As you can see, reports are completely customizable. Validation logic can be as simple or as complex as needed. Also note that the `description` attribute support markdown syntax. It will be rendered in the report list page.

> In the same way scripts do, reports run from within Netbox's own environment and can access the objects inside Netbox directly. The [Netbox Shell](../administration/netbox-shell.md) is a good resource to keep in hand, since it allows to see the objects in Netbox in the same way the test methods of a report do.

Reviewer: Please correct "Netbox" to NetBox. This should also probably render as a tip admonition.

Author: Done
